This is a list of things I'd like you to respect. I'm glad that you make it for
me, but if you want to do that work properly, then please respect that. I know
that it's a long list, but the restaurator's work is not easy.

1) Level height at least 36 tiles. The main theme should be in the center of the
level, not on its top border. To do this, use offset 11 when resizin the level.

2) No passages above the screen!

3) All passages should be at least 3 blocks high.

4) Solid ground, no flying chunks of terrain if possible. And when it is a cave
or castle level, build it a ceiling.

5) Junk-grounds like empty bonusblocks, coin boxes, blocks, stone bricks etc.
should be replaced by proper terrain. If you are not sure which theme it
deserves to be, use ice theme.

6) For cave levels, use only the new darksnow tiles if possible.

7) Due to the fact we have a lot of castle levels, keep the castle theme only
when the name of the level or the name of the levelset suggests that. Otherwise
change it to a regular snowy level.

8) You don't have to add an icy background yet, I'll do it manually myself.

9) Do not rename the level files unless told!

10) All stats must be reachable, so no obstructed badguys or uncollectable
coins!

11) Do not create a worldmap yet!

12) No solid blocks on non-solid layers unless it deserves to be a secret area!

13) All secret areas should have the secret-area trigger. When is passing trough
a non-solid wall needed for reaching it, it should have a fade-tilemap.

14) Delete all senseless invisible blocks. Turn them to normal terrain or delete
them entirely.

15) Use appropriate backgrounds.

16) Do not overuse non-ground blocks such as logs, coin bricks and empty bonus
blocks.

17) There are some levels those are already in Bonus Island II. Delete them
please and reorder the rest of the levels in given levelset.

18) Delete the one-screen-only levels too. However, do not delete levels those
are bigger than one screen!

19) The difficulty should be kept if possible. When it's too hard, make it
easier unless the name suggests that it has to be hard.

20) Replace hordes of badguys by dispensers.

21) Replace tux-dolls by coin-rains or coin-explosions when appropriate.

22) No/minimal scripting.

23) The level exit should be marked by at least one exit pole. Delete all other
exit poles.

24) Before you strat working, please ask whether is anyone already working on
the level. We don't want any conflicts.

25) When you see something that resembles an entrance and uses foreground tiles,
you can put doors here. Do not put doors when Tux is visible all the time by
entering that space.
